java c
CE 574: Construction Means  Methods Final Exam 
Project Execution Plan Team Presentation: 12/17, 4:30 PM via Zoom
SECTION 1.0 - PROJECT INFORMATION This section of the Project Execution Plan is intended to provide the basic pertinent project information.
Project Information Name:Address:Team   Members:
Project Details: Provide a brief description of the project scope and size including but not limited to Product type, Gross   SF,   Lot   size,   Building   footprint,   number   of   stories,   number   of   units   (if   applicable),   number   of   parking   stalls,   etc.
SECTION 2.0 - SITE ANALYSIS This section of the Project Execution Plan addresses specific site restrictions and challenges for the project site and its surrounding areas. A Site Logistics Plan along with a narrative should be included as part of this section. The Logistics Plan and/or narrative should address the following items at a minimumSite Constraints  Neighboring Properties: Illustrate and discuss the proposed site access plan and identify any site constraints on-site and/or at surrounding properties. Examples of site conditions/constraints may include power lines, easements, and adjacent structures.Traffic Plan/Street Closures: The Site Logistics Plan to be submitted as part of this plan should identify site access, traffic restrictions, and proposed street and sidewalk closures. Discuss the traffic closure strategy and potential costs associated with the closures. Identify sidewalk protection, fencing, K-rail, and overhead canopy requirements.Haul Route: Prior   to   the award   of   the   grading   scope   of   work,   identify   if   a   haul   route   is   required   for   the   project. Verify   if   the   project   falls   under   the   hillside   requirements   for   haul   routes,   and   haul route   approvals.Hoisting Strategy: Prepare   a   hoisting   plan   that   identifies   a   hoisting   strategy   for   the   entire   project.   Include a logistics plan of the tower crane layout and elevations. Include one crane assist plan for erection and dismantle of one tower crane – assume a 500-ton mobile crane will do the   job.
SECTION 3.1 - CONCRETE LOGISTICS This   section   of   the   Project   Execution   Plan   addresses   the   specific   project   site   related   challenges   and   the   Team’s   overall management approach to the project. The plan should breakdown the scope of work by concrete work areas and address the   following:Concrete Pours Breakdown  Sequence: For   Building   2   only,   provide   floor   plans   with   pour   breaks,   construction joints, SF and CY per pour, deck cycles if applicable, etc. Should present a clear sequence of how the concrete work will be executed including an explanation of the constraints and reasons for the sequencing. The p代 写CE 574: Construction Means & Methods Final Exam
代做程序编程语言our sequencing plans should include decks only.Concrete Deck Formwork Sequence: For Buildings 1, 2, 5, 6, and 7, identify how the deck formwork system will be cycled throughout this half of the project. Assuming $0.70/sf for deck formwork rental and $0.20/sf for deck reshoring   rental   (three   floors   of   reshoring   required   at   all   “wet   deck”   shoring),   estimate   the   total   rental   cost   for   deck formwork and   reshoring.
SECTION 3.2 – STRUCTURAL STEEL LOGISTICS The plan should breakdown the scope of work by steel work areas and address the   following:Structural Steel Building Areas  Sequence: Identify in plan the structural steel to be erected. Discuss hoisting concerns, access, and how these areas will be sequenced with the concrete structure.   Your explanation should include highlighted areas of steel vs. concrete with schedule dates clearly identified and tying back to overall project schedule, ensuring the workforce is kept safe at all times.
SECTION 4.0 - PROJECT SCHEDULE  SEQUENCING PLAN This section of the Project Execution Plan addresses the project schedule and sequencing plan for the project. The intent of the schedule plan is to identify critical project milestones and identify the potential time driven risks that can potentially impact the efficient completion of the work. The subject plan should convey the Team’s plan for sequence and flow of the work to allow for coordination of all the trades and manpower management of self- performed labor.Building Turnover Plan. Complete a sequencing map to illustrate the start and finish dates of each building. Be sure to take into consideration the use of the building and your expectation of when the client will need to occupy the building. Use any of the following sheets to complete this exercise: A1.01, A1.02, A1.09.Schedule. The Project Team shall prepare and submit Schedule identifying sequence, workflow and duration of critical work activities. The Schedule must illustrate the conceptualized critical path for the work and identify key milestone activities and dates for the project. The Schedule must provide sufficient detail appropriate to the size and complexity of the project.
SECTION 5.0 - INNOVATION STRATEGY 
This section of the Project Execution Plan outlines the Team’s innovation strategy for the project.Innovation Narrative. As   part   of   this   section   include   a   brief   narrative   outlining   the Team’s   goal   of   implementing   a new technology to assist in construction means and methods. Describe the problem you are solving and quantify the   expected   cost   savings   or   risk   management   advantage   associated   to   the   innovation.   List   one   KPI   that   you   will   use to quantifiably measure success.


         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
